README.md, before:

# Jam-in-a-Box for IBM Security Verify SaaS


## Introduction

The [IBM Security Verify Proof of Technology](https://techzone.ibm.com/collection/pot-isv/journey-po-t-ibm-security-verify-saa-s-access) material is meant to facilitate IBM Security Verify SaaS showcase.<br>
Jam-in-a-Box allows intereseted parties to gain expertise with IBM Security Verify SaaS through hands-on practice. <br><br>
You will learn IBM Security Verify SaaS capabilites focused in SSO, MFA, Adaptive Access, API, Administrator roles management, synchronization with IBM Security Verify Bridge for Directory Sync, authentication with IBM Security Verify Bridge for Authentication, provisioning to SaaS / SCIM, provisioning to OnPremise with IBM Security Verify Bridge for Provisioning, recertification campaigns, WebHooks, reports, plus much more. The material was prepared by IBM TechZone.<br>

The material contained includes: <br>
[Verify SaaS Hands On Lab guide](https://ibm.seismic.com/app?ContentId=510d65b5-e15c-4e55-b011-1afeaeaf9789) :
provides a step-by-step guide to setting up an IBM Security Verify tenant and exploring its single sign-on (SSO), multi-factor authentication (MFA) and Adaptive Access (AA2) capabilities. <br>
[Verify SaaS Hands On Lab presentation](https://ibm.seismic.com/app?ContentId=6d21a8ca-7c49-4ec7-a7e0-dafed0cd3199) : to be used to aid in lab discussion. <br>
[POT IBM Security Verify SaaS (Access & CIAM)](https://techzone.ibm.com/collection/pot-isv/journey-po-t-ibm-security-verify-saa-s-access) : allows for system reservations used in the Proof of Technology.


## Pre-requisites
To complete this cookbook, you will need:<br>
<i>• An IBMid is required when you sign up for the IBM Security Verify trial. <br><p>If you do not have 
an IBMid, you can get one at: https://www.ibm.com/account/us-en/signup/register.html <br>
• An e-mail address to receive initial account information and e-mail One-Time Passwords. You can use a single e-mail address for all requirements in this document.<br>
• A mobile number to receive SMS One-Time Passwords. You can use a single number for all requirements in this document

Commit message:

cleaned up README.md landing page

README.md, after:

# Introduction
 

This page provides education and demo material for various IBM Security Verify scenarios.
The intent for this "Jam-in-a-Box" is to bring various technical aids that allow the user to get hands-on-product environments and scenarios experience.

## Quick Start

1. Select the Verify scenarios of interest from the left column on the table below.
2. Description for the technical material contained for the product can be found on the right-side column.

| Product                                                       | Content Description  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [IBM Security Verify SaaS stand alone scenario](https://ibm.github.io/verify-jam-in-a-box/chapter1/) | PoT, presentation slides and environment request link for Verify SaaS |
| [IBM Security Verify SaaS with Access integration scenario](https://ibm.github.io/verify-jam-in-a-box/chapter2/) | Verify SaaS with Access Management on container integration. |
| [Identity and Access Management Verify SaaS Fundamental Labs](https://ibm.github.io/verify-jam-in-a-box/chapter3/) | Collection of fundamental courses that are intended for someone new to Verify SaaS. |
| [Consumer IAM with IBM Security Verify Demo](https://techzone.ibm.com/collection/customer-and-ctp-demos-for-ciam?history=/collection/ibm-security-verify-demos/journey-verify-saa-s) | Use the following resources can be used to set up your own copy of this demonstration environment and learn how to deliver the demo. |
